androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
de/hdodenhof/circleimageview/R.java
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$attr
 de.hdodenhof.circleimageview.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/dreamapp/theClubFactory/WebviewActivity.java
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$1
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$10
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$11
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$12
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$13
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$14
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$15
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$16
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$17
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$18
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$19
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$19$1
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$19$2
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$2
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$20
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$20$1
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$20$2
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$21
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$21$1
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$21$2
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$22
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$3
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$3$1
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$4
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$5
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$6
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$7
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$8
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.WebviewActivity$9
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
com/dreamapp/theClubFactory/FileUtil.java
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.FileUtil
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/dreamapp/theClubFactory/BuildConfig.java
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.BuildConfig
androidx/dynamicanimation/R.java
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$attr
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$color
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$dimen
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$drawable
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$id
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$integer
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$layout
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$string
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$style
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/database/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.R
 com.google.firebase.database.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.database.R$color
 com.google.firebase.database.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.database.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.database.R$id
 com.google.firebase.database.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.database.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.database.R$string
 com.google.firebase.database.R$style
 com.google.firebase.database.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/dreamapp/theClubFactory/SketchwareUtil.java
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.SketchwareUtil
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.SketchwareUtil$1
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/dreamapp/theClubFactory/R.java
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$anim
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$animator
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$attr
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$bool
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$color
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$dimen
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$drawable
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$id
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$integer
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$interpolator
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$layout
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$plurals
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$raw
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$string
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$style
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$styleable
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.R$xml
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$anim
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$bool
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$color
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$dimen
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$drawable
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$integer
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$interpolator
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$layout
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$string
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$style
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/dreamapp/theClubFactory/MainActivity.java
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$1
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$1$1
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$1$2
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$1$3
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$2
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$2$1
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$2$2
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$2$2$1
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$2$3
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$2$3$1
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$2$3$1$1
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$2$4
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$2$5
 com.dreamapp.theClubFactory.MainActivity$2$6
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/example/flatdialoglibrary/R.java
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$anim
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$attr
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$bool
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$color
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$dimen
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$drawable
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$id
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$integer
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$interpolator
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$layout
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$string
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$style
 com.example.flatdialoglibrary.R$styleable
com/airbnb/lottie/R.java
 com.airbnb.lottie.R
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$anim
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$attr
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$bool
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$color
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$dimen
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$drawable
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$id
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$integer
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$layout
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$string
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$style
 com.airbnb.lottie.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
